baloney that's what these people are
full of hey guys it's Phoebe welcome
name is mojo today we're counting down
our picks for the top ten quickest cases
on Judge Judy before we begin we publish
new content every day so be sure to
subscribe to our channel and ring the
bell to get notified about our latest
videos we're looking at ridiculous cases
on Judge Judy that were swiftly resolved
due to a lack of evidence or just
general human stupidity let's get right
to it
number 10 heroin addict
I gave her
all right mr. stemple I'm not gonna go
any further with you sir this is
probably one of the saddest cases in
Judge Judy history the defendant is
Jason stemple a heroin addict who is
clearly going through withdrawal ever
had any substance abuse problem no no
ma'am
he appears totally distraught complete
with baggy eyes a gaunt face and a lot
of twitching he can barely string two
words together and the plaintiff is even
forced to answer questions on his behalf
she also admits that he used money she
had given him for a drug test to buy
heroin instead eventually I got it out
of him that he had paid for heroin
Judy quickly brings the case to an end
in under two minutes by first telling
Jason he needs help then by offering to
get him some if he wants it it's rare
for Judy to show compassion in court but
it's clear that this man needed to hear
some harsh but reassuring words and I'm
going to suggest to you 31 years old if
you want to be 32 years old you better
get yourself some help
number nine she's an idiot go go speak
let's lighten the mood and watch the
Judy we all know and love the one who
calls other people idiots in this case
the plaintiff is suing sandy wing for a
$4,800 loan he'd co-signed the loan the
money of which was used for Sandy's
breast implants yes and I was like oh I
want to get my boobs done and afterwards
my boy at the time said he was willing
to pay for it so why didn't he he got
arrested I didn't know that part however
the plaintiff and friend or perhaps
former friend now says that sandy hasn't
been making her payments and sandy says
that she had considered the loan a gift
if he wasn't saying she gave me as a
gift so it's not my fault right of
course he doesn't see it that way and he
wants his money
Judy absolutely annihilate sandy and
calls her an idiot before slapping her
with the whole 48 hundred dollar bill
she's an idiot thanks to top it all off
she states that sandy shouldn't have any
more children lest she spread her
stupidity ouch
that some people say that being an only
child is not a good thing in your
daughter's case
perfect
number eight ruined iphone here's a
little tip for all you pranksters out
there if you break something you have to
pay for it even if it was an accident
defendant Ashley hunter pushed her
friend Jennifer into a pool and broke
her iPhone and Jennifer wants to be
compensated fair enough
however Ashley refuses to pay because it
was an accident and it quote wasn't
malicious at all and it wasn't malicious
at all I had no idea she had her iphone
I felt awful after it what happens well
you felt awful that means you pay for it
if you feel awful of course Judy isn't
having that ridiculous explanation and
she bluntly ends the case by telling
Ashley to grow up and own her mistakes
the whole thing ends with Ashley
explaining rocket science to Judy or
trying to seeing is how the whole room
exploded with laughter we don't think
she succeeded simple as that
isn't that rocket science what is rocket
science rocket science is when the
scientists find out things about space
number seven bird monitor you gave away
your bird to a good home you're on your
way your bird to this town open up your
ears and listen sometimes good
intentions can land you in jail this was
almost the case for plaintiff Tracy
Martin who sold her pet parrot to the
defendant
she later saw the parrot and believed
that it was being neglected as it didn't
have any toys and quote looked horrible
Judy stops the case dead in its tracks
because quote courts don't micromanage
pets she also states that once a
transaction is made the seller has no
further responsibility or say over the
pets well-being she doesn't want
anything to do with you anymore you gave
her your bird exactly Shh this is true
for private affairs and it's also true
for pet adoption centers as such Tracy
has no case and Judy even warns her of
potential jail time if she continues in
her well-meaning but naive pursuit few
daughters here are alone the police are
gonna get involved and she will get a
restraining order against you from
coming anywhere near her what where she
lives you have to stay away from her
number six one weird practical joke try
just to speak the truth do you
understand yes I don't try to speak the
truth then we won't have any trouble mr.
mystery no father you don't we're gonna
have a lot of trouble oh the things judy
has to hear this case sees Jimi Mistry
suing his friend Rafael cusine for
damaging his car but this wasn't just
his simple friends get into an accident
in his buddy's car case no it's far away
her than that the two had attended a
party and Rafael got jealous once he saw
Jimmy kissing the woman he had been
kissing earlier in the day so he stole
Jimmy's car and hid it in a nearby park
I started hooking up with this girl and
later that night I see Jimmy hooking up
with the same girl I got I got pretty
upset and I hid his car from him Rafael
eventually recovered the car but Jimmy
noticed some extensive damage including
dents scratches and a missing grille
despite calling Jimmy a wise guy
Judy swiftly Awards him nine hundred and
ten dollars because you can't just steal
your friend's car and hide it in a
park by uh by the way your honor you
look beautiful don't don't suck up it
would be the fastest way for you out the
door sir number five - tiny women
what were you cursing at them for
because they're losers
there's nothing like a good judge duty
evisceration defendant Alexandra Nelson
had to harass the plaintiff outside of
his house and swore at five or six of
his friends the plaintiff retaliated by
confronting them but according to
Alexandra they were just being dumb and
the plaintiff had no right to confront
two tiny women this ridiculous statement
shocks Judy who contorts her face and
visibly recoils from the stupidity she
then calls Alexandra an idiot and a
manipulative problem before slapping her
with a four thousand dollar judgment
judgment for the plaintiff in the amount
of four thousand dollars maybe next time
she'll think about provoking people in
front of their own houses because if
there's one thing we learned here it's
that silliness like that results in one
swift court case number four can I
interest you in some venison this is one
of the funniest cases in Judge Judy
history it sees Yvette and I'm suing her
own sister Carol over damages to her car
Carol had taken the car and hit a deer
causing $1,300 in damages I just didn't
think he didn't think what do you rely
on to do you thinking I just use it all
the time and she wasn't home so I went
over there to get the key and went and
the deer just jumped out in front of me
it sounds like a typical Judge Judy case
until you consider the finer details
like the fact that Carol took the
carcass home made venison stew and
offered some to her sister what'd you do
with it
cetera yes ma'am and she even offered me
some but I'm not having a rhythm or to
stay or the wacky sitcom ask
declarations like Carol defensively
stating that the venison did not have
rigor mortis or the audience desperately
trying to contain their laughter it was
like watching a Judge Judy parody on SNL
needless to say Carol was forced to pay
the damages
turns out venison stew does not fix cars
so why don't you work because I don't
have to well you have to because she
only is just $1,300 yeah when it's baked
and they have to be not the $1300 thank
you thank you your Louisiana
I'd be happy number three don't get
comfy Thank you very
look at this don't get comfy not have
you do well no okay when Judy says don't
get comfy you know a verbal Smackdown is
right around the corner that's exactly
what happened when Brenda Powell sued
her axe roommate Angela rust
brenda was forced to move out of their
apartment and now she wants Angela to
pay the difference between her new more
expensive apartment and the apartment
she shared with Angela however Judy
destroys her confidence with four words
that's not a case that's not a case so
sorry to tell you we don't do cases like
that cuz that's ridiculous she goes over
a few of Brenda's options before
dismissing the case with a simple
goodbye this whole thing is over in two
minutes and it leaves Brenda in tears we
can't say we blame her we'd cry too if
Judy eviscerated us like that that
doesn't happen
[Music]
parties are excuse me step out number
two
she broke my toilet now what is small
claims court for if you can't sue your
friend over a broken toilet
Lisa Rida believes that her large friend
Barbara Roth is responsible for her
toilet because it cracked after Barbara
sat on it this whole ordeal is probably
the most embarrassing thing that Barbara
has ever gone through and we feel
terrible for her and so does Judy I want
to know is did you fall on it did you
get heck note you hit it with a hammer
no no no no did you hit it with a wrench
in her nose she quickly explains that
the toilet broke while Barbara was using
it in other words that Barbara did not
intentionally break the toilet before
calling the case stupid and throwing it
out the audience claps and guffaws and
everyone goes home happy
everyone except Lisa toilets break I had
one just break in my apartment last week
cost me six hundred and fifty dollars to
put in a new toilet you think I went
around to try to find the last person
who sat on it
before we unveil our most jaw-droppingly
stupid number one pick let's take a look
at some honorable or would it be
dishonorable mentions who do you live
with my witness how do you support
yourself I'm on paper I write mr. ban
hands books gonna understand that when
he comes to court he's supposed to bring
all relevant information not just the
information that he wants me to read and
she was like what's going on number one
Dumb and Dumber judy must love it when
the defendants do her job for her in
what is perhaps the most famous case in
Judge Judy history a man incriminates
himself in a matter of seconds by
indirectly admitting that he stole a
woman's purse the plaintiff Gini
paradiso lists some of the items that
were stolen in the purse snatching
including her wallet a calculator and an
earpiece or was there an earpiece not
according to the defendant who
brilliantly states there was no earpiece
in there ma'am I had to replace all my
ideas I had gift cards in there my
earpiece and the calculator
I don't was missing it now everyone
laughs in disbelief judy calls them Dumb
and Dumber and the plaintiff has awarded
$500 for her troubles now if only all
court cases could be that simple judges
for the plaintiff for the amount of $500
that's what I think it's worth madam
goodbye
imagine being stupid enough to
incriminate yourself in front of the
Judge Judy herself cringe what'd you
guys think of the list let us know in
the comments below and check out these
videos